According to the Federal Communications Commission or FCC,
the Internet allows businesses of all sizes, types, industries,
and from any location to reach new and larger markets and provides
opportunities to work more efficiently by using computer-based tools.
Whether your organization is thinking about adopting
Cloud computing or just using e-mail and maintaining a website,
cybersecurity should be part of the plan.
Theft of digital information has become
the most commonly reported fraud surpassing physical theft.
Every business that uses the Internet,
is responsible for creating a culture of security
that will enhance business and consumer confidence.
Securing businesses, is another reason why it's important to
study cybersecurity not only in this audacity course,
but also throughout your career.
The US Federal Trade Commission's website,
ftc.gov on cybersecurity for small business,
provides information all businesses need to know to protect their technologies,
data and people from cyber attacks.
The FTC provides information on some of the topics we'll cover in this class,
such as cybersecurity basics,
understanding the NIST Cybersecurity Framework,
physical security, attacks such as ransomware and fishing, and email security.
The FTC website is more evidence of the importance of cybersecurity for business.
Consider it as a resource,
not only in this course in nanodegree,
but throughout your professional career.